refactor(curriculum): restructure sudoku solver python project (#54303)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-classes-and-objects-by-building-a-sudoku-solver/6606a4641ec48b3a9fe8c2fc.md

---
id: 6606a4641ec48b3a9fe8c2fc
title: Step 15
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

> The `enumerate` built-in function takes an iterable as the argument and returns an enumerate object you can iterate over.
> It gives you the count (default starts at zero) and the value from the iterable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `enumerate` built-in function takes an iterable as its argument and returns an enumerate object that you can iterate over.
It provides the count (which by default starts at zero) and the value from the iterable.
```

```py
iterable = ['a', 'b', 'c']
for i, j in enumerate(iterable):
    print(i, j)
```

The loop from the example above would output the tuples `0, a`, `1, b`, and `2, c`.

> Inside the `find_empty_cell` method, replace `pass` with a `for` loop and use the `enumerate()` function to iterate over each row in the sudoku board. Use `row` for the index of the current row and `contents` for the elements of the current row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `find_empty_cell` method, replace `pass` with a `for` loop that uses the `enumerate()` function to iterate over each row in the sudoku board. Use `row` as the index of the current row and `contents` for the elements of the current row.
```
